#TODO

what the game needs: 

PROPER ENEMY SPAWNING

As it is now, the enemies spawn on danger time, at regular intervals. every swarm comes in full, and the budget is randomized into a certain range.

It's not a good design, since throught the level the difficulty is not incremental. also, seeing all the swarm at once coming from a side of the window is not really appealing.

instead of a random budget, i will use an incremental budget that starts from the mininum value of the level, and it stops when it reaches the max value. 

i will insert enemies of the same swarm at a fixed iterval ( decided by the level).

Furthermore, the game needs a rehauling of the level definition parameters, with briefer safe times, and a higher difficulty beating enemies



MORE ENEMIES

2 is a sad number for the foes on this game. i need to design at least another Foe, but i think that i can pull of even 2.

a) Otaku officer

Dressed like a ninja, he uses jutsu skills to teleport himself on random placesin prozimity of the player, then he shoots a dozen of bullets with his rifle, like the crazy man he is.

b)ond crazy fart


i know you wanted it. will launch waves of bullets . very rare

c)obstacles and garbage

not a real Foe, since it can be used to your advantage. the cops con't jump it, since it's moving too slow for them..hehe..

WEAPONS and UPGRADES:

I plan to add mines to the game, to do a bit of mass destruction. Also, upgrades for the
gun to make it faster and stronger. 

POWERUPS:

This is a bit tricky. What could be good ideas of powerups? i tried double speed, but it was awfull. 

#maybe something faster of the default but not double would be better
#also, maybe it could be the other way around, meaning everything but the player slows down


i don't know if the problem was related to the fact that the game is isometric, thus i will need more testing;

a restoreLife item is mandatory, from my experience at LD25

brainstorming time!

bomb
bazooka
cards
candies
pressure
whacky
hyperactivity!
OOH! WHACKO TIME!! sweets fill the WACHO BAR. when full, you can go in WHACKO MODE. improved velocity and fire rate, and halfed taken damage. time upgradable...

Do i even need upgrades at this point?

Ok, let's mantain life token, and let's put away the kids. they are useless. instead i will put various kinds of sweets on the ground as a loot. 

I can use the sweets for:

upgrades;
weapons;
end the level;
Whacko time!

the end of level skill is a super dash forward to the next lovation (level)

the objective is to do it 4 times to reach the ice creams man.

talking about

THE BOASS

the ice creams man in his car will not easily give you his first class sweets. you need to beat him.

attacks:

bullet time- the gatling gun on the top of the car will want to hugh you.
rocket hug- the rocket launcher on the top of the car will send you some presents
smash it- the ice creams man will try to run over you
help request-swarms of enemies at your service


EFFECTS and ANIMATIONS and SPRITES'NSHIT


first, an enemy dying will jump and tilt, and dissolve in mid air
i will pass to 5 frames animations

